here's another good example of Wales
outsmarting people in the Mediterranean
on the receiving end is another prized
fishing industry not hearing this time
but giant bluefin tuna
a fish as big as this will net the crew
at least $2,000
the boats are following a long tradition
every summer after spawning bluefin tuna
migrate from the Mediterranean to the
Atlantic Ocean each year the fishermen
are waiting and so are the killer whales
concrete blocks take the bait down to
200 meters because tunas swim very deep
as well as fast
with the line paid out the crew can only
wait and hope and watch the whales
the fish has been formed
the sound of the winch is a signal to
the waiting whales the fishermen will
have to work as fast as possible to
bring in the mind
the whales simply by their time by the
time the fish nears the boat all the
fight has gone out of it this is as easy
a meal as a killer whale could hope for
[Music]
Wales can strip the two nine minutes all
the remains for the fishermen are
leftovers
[Applause]
[Music]
this piracy on the high seas doesn't do
much for the whales popularity but this
is just too good an opportunity for them
to miss
[Applause]
these killer whales began stealing fish
in this way around 30 years ago now the
culture has spread among all the members
of two local pods the fishing boats
don't stand a chance